# counterfeit-identification.
  unterfeit-identification. This programs is for the paper [1], whose abstract is as follows.  tag anti-counterfeit is an important issue for RFID security. Physic-layer identification is a feasible method for the anti-counterfeit, and it introduces machine learning to train classification on tag physic-lay signals. However, there are still some problems further investigated for the method, such as features of tag and cross-validation. For that, this paper proposes a new learning method, which extracts time and frequency- domain statistics not only from the raw tag responding signal but also from its expected, noise and normalized signals, and adopts feature selection to classify authentic and counterfeit tags. In addition, this paper also proposes a new cross-validation to objectively test the performance of the physic-layer method. This experiment uses a software-defined radio to collect data from 140 tags of 7 classes from 3 manufacturers. The results show that the classification accuracy of this new method is 4-5 percent higher than that of the traditional method. Besides, under the new cross- validation, the classification accuracy of all of the physical layer methods will drop by 8-10 percent. From this, we get an important conclusion that the performance of the physic-layer methods will depend on whether a training set has attacking tag data.We use MATLAB 2021a software to complete the processing of MRI data, and the details can be found in [1] and data proccess folder.
Because the source file identified by usrp is too large, we directly give the intercepted EPC signals of tags under three different manufacturers. 
[1]H. Wu, W. Gao, C. Pu and Z. Yu, "Feature Selection and Cross Validation for Physical-Layer RFID Counterfeit Tag Identification," in IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement, vol. 71, pp. 1-14, 2022, Art no. 5502514, doi: 10.1109/TIM.2022.3200437.
